# Project Layout

Since React Native doesn't have the opinionated layout, the locations of different
parts of the project aren't always obvious. This document describes the general
project structure from the root directory down.

## android/, ios/
These directories contain all platform-specific parts of the project. They're 90%
generated by code and generally not touched

## src/
This directory, as suggested by the name, contains the main part of the project code.

### api/
This is for all files, helpers, etc., related to interacting with the API

### assets/
As the name suggests, this contains static assets.
It includes a manifest file that imports all images before they're needed.

### components/
This directory is for shared components that are used by more than one screen.

### navigation/
This is for all react-navigation navigators, the files that describe the layout of navigation between screens.

### redux/
This contains all the redux logic for the project, structured using the DUCKS format.
[DUCKS project page](https://github.com/erikras/ducks-modular-redux)

### screens/
Each directory within this one represents a single screen. Each screen has an internal structure:
- **components/** (optional)
  Some screens have several other components that are used only by them. This is done to prevent screens from becoming too bulky, and allows for code reuse.
- **index.js**
  This is the entry point into the screen and the main component/logic
- **styles.js** (optional)
  This is a separate file for the styles used by a page, if they get large enough to warrant a separate file

### styles/
Shared styles that are used in more than one screen
